add acr_values in /authorize and acr claim in tokens (#3564)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/oidc/index.md

| sessionToken                     | Okta one-time session token. This allows an API-based user sign-in flow (rather than the Okta sign-in UI). Session tokens can be obtained via the [Authentication API](/docs/reference/api/authn/).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Query       | String    | FALSE      |
| state                            | A value to be returned in the token. The client application can use it to remember the state of its interaction with the end user at the time of the authentication call. It can contain alphanumeric, comma, period, underscore, and hyphen characters. See [Parameter details](#parameter-details).                                                                                                                                               | Query       | String    | TRUE       |

> | acr_values <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> | Use this parameter in authorization request to increase the level of end-user assurance. Okta has created predefined values that are described in the [Predefined acr values](/docs/guides/step-up-authentication/main/#predefined-parameter-values) section. | Query | String  | FALSE |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| acr_values <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> | An optional parameter that can be included in the authentication request. This parameter increases the level of user assurance. Values supported: `urn:okta:loa:1fa:pwd`, `urn:okta:loa:1fa:any`, `urn:okta:loa:2fa:any`, `phr` <ApiLifecycle access="ie" />, `phrh` <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /> . See [Predefined acr values](/docs/guides/step-up-authentication/main/#predefined-parameter-values) for more information on the predefined values supported by Okta. | Query | String  | FALSE |
```

| scp      | Array of scopes that are granted to this access token.                                                                 | Array    |
| uid      | A unique identifier for the user. It isn't included in the access token if there is no user bound to it.               | String   |
| ver      | The semantic version of the access token.                                                                              | Integer  |

> | acr <ApiLifecycle access="ea" />  | Information about the level of assurance that the user verified at the time of authentication.| String   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| acr <ApiLifecycle access="ea" />  | Information about the level of assurance that the user verified at the time of authentication| String   |
```
